# finalproject
Ben and Jerry's Pint Ice Cream

For my project I used the benandjerrys website to crawl and scrape ice cream pint flavors. From the scraping I got the name, description, ingredients, and the image of the ice cream. I also used tweepy to grab tweets that tagged @benandjerrys in a tweet and mentioned an ice cream flavor. For tweepy, I put the API keys and tokens in my secrets.py file which is in my .gitignore. You can obtain these by going onto apps.twitter where you will create a new application and from here you can grab the codes. To incorporate them, import the secrets.py file into the file you are running and put the variables that are assigned to your codes into your method for getting tweets from tweepy. 

To run the program, you will use the interactive.py file. This file uses Flask to create an html that has links to your data. To get started, you will want to create a virtual environment and install everything you are using in your code (i.e. tweepy, requests, bs4). You will then create routes that will use templates (.html) to bring you to your http site. After this, all you need to do is run interactive.py into your terminal and it will direct you to the site. 

My code is structured with one class, BenandJerrys where I assign instances for the ice creams name, ingredients, description, image, and ID for my database. I then have multiple methods. My icecreamflavors() method scrapes the information from the Ben and Jerrys website and uses the class mentioned above to put them into a list. My method get_tweets() uses to Tweepy and API keys to grab information from Twitter. I then have methods that initialize a database that contains two tables (Flavors, Tweets), and two methods that insert data into my Flavors table and tweets that mention @benandjerrys with an ice cream flavor into my Tweets table. Additionally, the method that gets tweets into the Tweets table uses the primary key in my Flavors table (flavors.id) to link the tweet text with the specific ice cream they are talking about.

To run the program, the user will run interactive.py in their terminal. From here they will be brought to the html website where they will have four options on what they want to view. To view the top 10 ice cream flavors that are tweeted about, they will click a link. The same goes for wanting to see all of the flavors with description and image, and wanting to see the users with the most followers and what ice cream they tweeted about. The final option will be a link that brings users to type in a "main" flavor so they can see what ice creams contain that specific flavor. For example, if they wanted to see all of the ice creams that contained coffee they would type in coffee and press submit. They will then be brough to another page that gives them the name and description of the ice creams that contain that flavor. In all of these links, the user will have the option to click the button "return to home" which will bring them back to the main page. 
